[doc] Try a few ≠ ways of linking to Papers, users, and org profiles (#22611)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/distilbert.mdx

<a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/docs-demos/distilbert-base-uncased">
<img alt="Spaces" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue">
</a>
<a href="https://huggingface.co/papers/1910.01108">
<img alt="Paper page" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Paper%20page-1910.01108-green">
</a>
</div>

## Overview

The DistilBERT model was proposed in the blog post [Smaller, faster, cheaper, lighter: Introducing DistilBERT, a
distilled version of BERT](https://medium.com/huggingface/distilbert-8cf3380435b5), and the paper [DistilBERT, a

> distilled version of BERT: smaller, faster, cheaper and lighter](https://arxiv.org/papers/1910.01108). DistilBERT is a

Reviewer: Did you mean to link it here?

```suggestion
distilled version of BERT: smaller, faster, cheaper and lighter](https://huggingface.co/papers/1910.01108). DistilBERT is a
```

Reviewer 2: Agree that this link should either be the HF link, or, alternatively, [a link to the paper pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11692)
